Hello, netizens.
Welcome to the local live stream of Genius Dog.
Dear netizens, please pay attention and like it.
Now we continue the performance of the genius dog
How much is this question equal to?
My dog can do math
Isn't that amazing?
Awesome dog!
Such a simple question
It can be done with training.
No big deal.
This
This netizen thinks this inscription is too simple, right?
God, he can even be punished.
What a genius
The dog is awesome
Dogs are awesome
The fake must have been trained in advance
He knows a few questions
Before some netizens said
Our family will only train the topics in advance in three years.
Now please ask netizens to ask questions on the spot
We used to answer on the spot, okay?
Uh, this netizen auspicious number said
What is 3 times 5?
Haha, my sister-in-law said it was 15.
The flying pig said
This online friend is too much.
How hard is this kitchen?
3 meters is equal to 9.
Did you see it?
Not to mention our kitchen
Hey, this netizen named Kun Kun said
93 times 96.
Hey, you're a bit too much, aren't you?
As long as you ask this question, I can't count it in a short time
Is 8928 8928?
8928 is correct